fadd st1, st1 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp0.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fadd st1, st1 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp0.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fadd st1, st7 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp0.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fadd st1, st7 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp0.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fadd st7, st1 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp0.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fadd st7, st1 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp0.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fadd st7, st7 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp0.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fadd st7, st7 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp0.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fadd st1, st1 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp0.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fadd st1, st1 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp0.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fadd st1, st7 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp0.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fadd st1, st7 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp0.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fadd st7, st1 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp0.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fadd st7, st1 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp0.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fadd st7, st7 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp0.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fadd st7, st7 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp0.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fdiv st1, st1 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp2.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fdiv st1, st1 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp2.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fdiv st1, st7 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp2.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fdiv st1, st7 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp2.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fdiv st7, st1 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp2.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fdiv st7, st1 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp2.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fdiv st7, st7 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp2.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fdiv st7, st7 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp2.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fdiv st1, st1 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp2.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fdiv st1, st1 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp2.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fdiv st1, st7 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp2.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fdiv st1, st7 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp2.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fdiv st7, st1 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp2.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fdiv st7, st1 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp2.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fdiv st7, st7 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp2.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fdiv st7, st7 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp2.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fdivr st1, st1 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp3.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fdivr st1, st1 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp3.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fdivr st1, st7 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp3.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fdivr st1, st7 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp3.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fdivr st7, st1 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp3.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fdivr st7, st1 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp3.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fdivr st7, st7 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp3.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fdivr st7, st7 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp3.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fdivr st1, st1 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp3.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fdivr st1, st1 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp3.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fdivr st1, st7 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp3.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fdivr st1, st7 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp3.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fdivr st7, st1 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp3.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fdivr st7, st1 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp3.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fdivr st7, st7 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp3.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fdivr st7, st7 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp3.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fmul st1, st1 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp9.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fmul st1, st1 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp9.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fmul st1, st7 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp9.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fmul st1, st7 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp9.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fmul st7, st1 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp9.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fmul st7, st1 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp9.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fmul st7, st7 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp9.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fmul st7, st7 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp9.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fmul st1, st1 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp9.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fmul st1, st1 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp9.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fmul st1, st7 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp9.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fmul st1, st7 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp9.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fmul st7, st1 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp9.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fmul st7, st1 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp9.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fmul st7, st7 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp9.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fmul st7, st7 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp9.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fsub st1, st1 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp13.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fsub st1, st1 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp13.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fsub st1, st7 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp13.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fsub st1, st7 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp13.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fsub st7, st1 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp13.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fsub st7, st1 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp13.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fsub st7, st7 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp13.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fsub st7, st7 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp13.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fsub st1, st1 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp13.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fsub st1, st1 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp13.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fsub st1, st7 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp13.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fsub st1, st7 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp13.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fsub st7, st1 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp13.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fsub st7, st1 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp13.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fsub st7, st7 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp13.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fsub st7, st7 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp13.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fsubr st1, st1 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp13.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fsubr st1, st1 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp13.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fsubr st1, st7 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp13.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fsubr st1, st7 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp13.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fsubr st7, st1 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp13.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fsubr st7, st1 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp13.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fsubr st7, st7 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp13.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fsubr st7, st7 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp13.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fsubr st1, st1 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp13.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fsubr st1, st1 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp13.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fsubr st1, st7 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp13.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fsubr st1, st7 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp13.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fsubr st7, st1 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp13.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fsubr st7, st1 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp13.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fsubr st7, st7 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp13.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
fsubr st7, st7 /home/goubermouche/dev/projects/assembler/new_tools/scripts/temp13.asm:2: error: invalid combination of opcode and operands
